ABOUT
(CURRENT)
WORK
(CURRENT)
PROJECTS
(CURRENT)
CONTACT
(CURRENT)
Hi, I'm
Andrew Vetovitz
───my aspiration───
Always be positive, always be willing to take risks, always be willing to fail. Growth cannot come from comfort and progress can only be made by challenging the status quo.
Cleveland born, aspiring entrepreneur and stock enthusiast. New York bound one step at a time. Looking past failure constantly.
Tech enthusiast always chasing harder and steeper challenges. Searching bit by bit through Stack Overflow.
───my life───
Goldman Sachs
Summer Analyst Intern, Summer 2018
New York, NY
  Incoming 2018 Summer Analyst for Goldman Sachs
The Scott's Miracle Gro Company
Web Application Developer Intern, Summer 2017
Marysville, OH
  This was my first time work on web applications. Giving me new onsight into business teamwork and working on core application backend and API functionality. I also experienced my first business mistakes and trying to solve them, driving core business growth.
IFAAADev
Independent Contractor, Since May 2017
Cleveland, OH
  I currently work as a contractor helping bring alive applications and websites. my largest project is working on ourparking.space which is a digitized parking website for businesses and events. This posed significant challengs using web API's as well as hosting services and frontend technologies. I had to work as a business analyst for this project as well to collect requirements and demo the project to the client.
Mayfield High School
Class of 2014
Mayfield Village, OH
  I am grateful to Mayfield for allowing me to be myself. This was the first time I truly had friends and being able to find myself as a person. My experiences here helped shape my career path into engineering and always looking to make the world a better place.
───projects───
Mystery and Romance are Gone
QuadTree Imaging
Personal Website
Emoji Hunter
Project Kindness
Contact me today
Do you have a project that you want brought to life or just need to chat? Feel free to reach out to me!


Full Name
First Name
Last Name
Email
Message
Message me